**32BC - Rome**

After dealing a few deals with Octavian, including denarii and information, the Hidden Ones decided the time was rife to strike once again at one of the Order's members. Quintus, who had been recruited to a Master Assassin, had tracked down Libo to the [Forum of Caesar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forum_of_Caesar), a forum dedicated to Caesar built by members of the Order, including Caesar himself. Every week the Pig would go to talk about Caesar's life to a large crowd. On 2nd February 32BC, Quintus would make sure that this sermon would be his last.

*(Playing as Quintus)* Quintus rode from the Bureau to the Forum of Caesar. Libo would be very hard to miss - he was on a podium, reading a poem about Caesar's assassination. He was protected from the back by two burly guards. Quintus used social stealth to get his way into the crowd. The podium was quite tall, about twice the height of a man. Using this to his advantage, Quintus quickly climbed the podium, and performed a ledge assassination on Libo. In the Memory Corridor, Quintus laughed at Libo, ridiculing how he was assassinated performing an assassination. Libo told him to shut his mouth, and that, with his death, civil war was imminent.

*(Playing as Amunet)* One month later, in the Bureau, Amunet received news that Antony had just divorced Octavian's sister and married Cleopatra instead. Also, Antony planned to create a second Senate based in Alexandria. The Hidden Ones had additionally located Antony's will in the [Temple of Vesta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temple_of_Vesta), but it was heavily guarded. Octavian wanted the Hidden Ones to steal it.

Amunet travelled to the Temple of Vesta. Climbing into a vent, which was the only weakspot in the fortress, she stole the will and read it on the roof of the temple. Antony planned for Caesarion, Cleopatra's only child with Caesar, to be the heir to Caesar; for his land to be given to Cleopatra's children and for him to be buried in Alexandria instead of Rome.

Amunet rode to the Senate and gave it to Octavian. Octavian was shocked, and he immediately gave it to the Senate. The Hidden Ones watched on the sidelines as Octavian waved Antony's will in front of the Senate. The Senate was outraged that Antony would want to be buried in Alexandria. The Senate held a vote to declare war on Cleopatra. The vote was tied at 450:450. The Hidden Ones were asked to vote too by Octavian, which was a shock to the Senate but they allowed it. The vote ended up being 456:450. The Senate declared war on Cleopatra.

A week later, an envoy was sent to the Bureau, which bought several news: Antony supported Cleopatra in her war against Rome, meaning the Order of the Ancients were still aligned with Cleopatra; most of the Senate that voted against war had set up another Senate in Alexandria; the Senate had stripped Antony of all power, and both Octavian and Cleopatra had raised about 200,000 troops each. [The war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Last_war_of_the_Roman_Republic) had begun.

In his office, Octavian thanked the Hidden Ones for their help in his struggle against Antony. He told them that he would raise his entire entire army and navy in [Nicopolis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicopolis), just north of Kephallonia, and that they should too.

Amunet immediately wrote a letter to Bayek:

*"Bayek -- The war against Antony and Cleopatra has begun. Go into hiding until we attack Alexandria, then you can join the fight against the Order. Bring all of your ships to Nicolopis off the coast of Greece. Do not try to fight - they have 200,000 men, you only have 500."*

**31BC -** [Actium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Actium)

In August 31BC, the *Unus Maritimo*, along with two other ships the Hidden Ones had bought, sailed towards Nicopolis, alongside 400 other ships belonging to Octavian. On 1st September, on a stormy day, they had reached Nicopolis to meet 200 ships headed by the remaining Order members: Antony, Publicola, Ahenobarbus and Antony's general who was also a part of the Order named [Publius Canidius Crassus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publius_Canidius_Crassus). A massive naval battle broke out.

The Hidden One ships demolished 5 ships coming after them easily. The next wave of 8 ships was larger and had stronger octaremes - through an intense battle Phoxidas and his crew were able to sink all the ships as well. Finally, 10 ships, headed by Publicola, came after them. Even though they lost one ship, the Hidden Ones managed to sink all the galleys around them. After a very intense and heated battle, Publicola's ship was damaged enough to be boarded. All of Publicola's crew either slaughtered or surrended. Quintus and Amunet assassinated Publicola by lodging four Hidden Blades into his neck and kicking him into the sea. In the Memory Corridor, the Bear told them that Antony will win the battle even without him. Publicola said that Antony still had at least 150 ships and Octavian's ships were weaker, before saying that the Order is stronger than it ever has been. Infuriated by this nonsense, Quintus stabbed him in the groin and he stopped talking.

One of Antony's lieutenants was dead, but there were still two more to go: Ahenobarbus and Crassus. Amunet forced the remaining crewmen on Publicola's ship to sail for them. Phoxidas skillfully swerved around the battle to report to Octavian in his camp on Nicopolis. Amunet told Octavian that one of Antony's lieutenants, Publicola was gone and his corpse was under the sea. He ordered the Hidden Ones to attack Ahenobarbus and sink his fleet.

The Hidden Ones went back into the action. They sailed through sinking ships and fire arrows to where Ahenobarbus and his fleet were fighting [Agrippa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcus_Vipsanius_Agrippa)'s. Phoxidas and Amunet helped Agrippa fight back a first wave of 10 triremes, then followed by 15 octaremes. Finally, Ahenobarbus and his 25 octaremes followed. After Agrippa and the Hidden Ones skillfuly sunk the galleys, they managed to sink Ahenobarbus' ship. However, Ahenobarbus himself had managed to jump onto the *Unus Maritimo* and had killed one of the crewmen. After a hard battle, all of the Mentors came in an use their Hidden Blades on him. In the Memory Corridor, the Tiger knew the battle was lost with him and Publicola dead. He told them that he had just told Antony that it was time to retreat to Alexandria.

Ahenobarbus was right: almost immediately Antony's fleet had begun to flee. Amunet ordered Phoxidas to sail to Octavian's camp in Nicopolis to see what had happened. Upon reaching there and reporting to Octavian, he told them that Antony had called for a retreat to Alexandria, since half of his lieutenants, including Publicola and Ahenobarbus, were dead. Octavian said that they would be attacking Alexandria in ten months.

**30BC - Alexandria**

After Antony's disastrous defeat at Actium, he had brought all his soldiers, most of which had deserted to Alexandria. On 30th July 30BC, after Antony defeated a small attack by Octavian's lieutenant, Octavian ordered a full-scale attack on Alexandria.

The Hidden Ones sailed to Alexandria, once again accompanied by Octavian's fleet, and arrived in the city on 1st August. They undocked and faced a massive attack by Antony's soldiers. At first, the Hidden Ones were beating the Order-affiliated soldiers, but they were slowly losing men. However, when Amunet's Hidden Ones' morale was low, Bayek, accompanied with his Egyptian Hidden Ones, flanked the soldiers from behind, killing all of them one by one. Bayek, Amunet and Quintus beat three waves of Order-affiliated soldiers. Amunet saw Antony, on a horse, fleeing towards the Palace. Crassus rode in his wake. Amunet ordered Quintus to go after Crassus, while she and Bayek would go after Antony.

*(Playing as Quintus)* Quintus stole a horse and immediately began to chase Crassus. He rode across the city and into the desert, so fast until Crassus' horse could not take anymore and collapsed. Crassus, without any soldiers to protect him, had to protect himself against Quintus. An intense fight between Crassus and Quintus occurred, each Hidden Blade attack by Quintus countered by a slash of Crassus' sword. However, Crassus was slowly gaining the upper hand. After a furious swipe of moves by Quintus, Crass merely picked him up and headbutted him hard. Quintus fell on the ground - the headbutt had caused a headache of pain he had never experience. Right when Crassus was about to finish off Quintus with his sword, he was suddenly blown back. Kassandra had arrived, and just in time. Quintus' connection as a Sage to Kassandra must have meant his headache had caused Kassandra. She quickly knocked out Crassus with a simple hit of her Staff, and allowed Quintus to perform the finishing move with his Hidden Blade. In the Memory Corridor, Crassus spat at Quintus, saying that he was Antony's right-hand man for years, and spent his entire life training just to die to a Hidden One. Quintus reassured him that death was quick. Crassus said that Antony had the Staff of Alexander on him right now, and he had found the secret of Alexander's tomb.

*(Playing as Amunet)* Amunet and Bayek chased Antony to the Royal Palace at full speed. He must be heading to Alexander the Great's tomb. Amunet and Bayek ran into the guard-free Palace and down the stairs into Alexander's tomb. The tomb was exactly how it looked 17 years ago, except there was a perfectly square hole to the left. Amunet and Bayek ran into the hole into a room that had architecture exactly like the vault under Siwa. There was a round golden ball in the middle of the room. About to hold it was Mark Antony, holding the Staff of Alexander.

Antony turned around to see Amunet and Bayek try to air assassinate him. With just a simple wave of his staff they were frozen in place mid-air and blasted away. Amunet and Bayek fought as hard as they could, but they were no match for Antony. Every attack, every move, was countered with the Staff that wielded supernatural powers. As Amunet tried to attack Antony from behind, he waved his Staff and blasted Amunet away. However, that was simply a distraction: Bayek had managed to get a Hidden Blade stab on his heel, but that caused minor damaged. Enraged, Antony picked Bayek up, half-strangled him and blasted him hard with the Staff onto the wall, instantly killing him.

Amunet, now screaming and crying, fought twice as hard as before. She had no time to mourn Bayek's death, as her own could be imminent if she did not stop dodging Antony's moves. Amunet and Antony fought intensely, counter after counter, dodge after dodge, move after move. Amunet stabbed Antony with her knife, which he merely took out and used his Staff to throw at her. She managed to dodge every knife throw, however. As one knife throw cut off a large part of her hair, Kassandra and Quintus suddenly appeared at the scene.

Piece of Eden vs Piece of Eden: Staff vs Staff. Kassandra and Antony fought harder than Amunet could ever do, Kassandra using her 400 years of expertise with the Staff. While Antony managed to block and even counter some of her moves, Antony was slowly losing. Amunet and Quintus helped too, landing hits and stabs at Antony. After a fierce set of moves by Kassandra, Quintus attempted to disarm Antony's Staff. Amunet helped too. Kassandra hit the ground hard with her Staff, catching Antony off guard. This was a fatal move for Antony: he was immediately knocked out. Quintus and Amunet assassinated Antony with their Hidden Blades, while Kassandra jabbed her Staff into Antony's heart.

In the Memory Corridor, Antony cursed at Amunet, laughing at the death of her ex-husband. Kassandra told Antony that Pieces of Eden were not for humans, and especially those that seek to strip humanity of its freedom. Antony ignored her, lamenting that he was at the top of the Order, and was about to take Rome. The Staff of Alexander appeared in Amunet's hand: she used it to bash Antony's head in, screaming: "And - this - is - for - BAYEK!"

Back in the real world, Kassandra immediately transported herself away, seeing that her job was done. Amunet rushed to Bayek, crying into his unmoving arms. Quintus, however, looked at the Apple of Eden in the centre of Alexander's Vault. He picked it up, and he was suddenly lifted into the air. The voice of an Isu rang around the place: "Quintus Salvius Fluentiae - you have been vital to the survival of the Hidden Ones, and your descendants will revive and exceed your legacy. In 1489 years, a descendant of years will travel from Fluentia to Byzantium to allow the Hidden Ones to rise and the Order of the Ancients to be exterminated... In 2017 years, another descendant of yours will have the valour and courage to sacrifice himself for the elongation of mankind's existence..."

After the Isu stopped speaking, Quintus fell onto the ground, unconscious. Amunet managed to catch him. What did the One Who Came Before say? What did they mean? The thought was immediately wiped off her mind, as she thought of Cleopatra. Cleopatra was still alive, and probably in hiding. It was best to find her. After Quintus started, him and Amunet used their Eagle Vision to locate Cleopatra, who was hiding alongside [Caesarion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesarion) behind a locked door on the upper floor of the Palace. Even though the door was locked, there was an opening through the window. Amunet and Quintus used their parkour skills to climb the Palace and enter Cleopatra's room through her window.

Cleopatra screamed at the sight of Amunet, but she immediately calmed down. Amunet reassured her, saying she wasn't here to kill her. She explained that Octavian was looking for her, and it was best for her to kill herself before they found her. Amunet got out a small cup and Serpensicarius: slowly, Serpensicarius filled the cup with snake venom. Amunet ordered Cleopatra to drink the poison, saying, "Remember: you are the last of the Pharaohs". She also promised to keep Caesarion alive to become a Hidden One. Cleopatra agreed. After saying an emotional goodbye to her son. While Amunet hid Caesarion behind her, Cleopatra drank the venom in one gulp. She immediately began shaking and fell onto the ground, unmoving. Dead. Amunet kneeled next to her, closed her eyes and said, "*Requiescat in pace, Cleopatra*"

Amunet unlocked the door and bought Caesarion and Quintus with her to the *Unus Maritimo*. However, she said that she had to do something first. Amunet carried Bayek's body onto her horse, and took him into a cave far into the desert. He laid him to rest in the cave, performing the ritual she had done with Cleopatra, this time tears rolling out of her eyes. When she came back, she ordered Phoxidas to take them back to Rome.

**EPILOGUE**

Amunet lived a long life and died on 7th September 28BC, just over 2 years after the end of the game, at the age of 57. When she died, Quintus built a crypt under the Hidden Ones' Bureau in Rome and housed her in a sarcophagus inside there. He ordered a local sculptor to create a statue of her with a snake around her. On her tombstone by the crypt, Quintus wrote: "AMUNET - the Hidden One who killed Cleopatra with an asp". It was technically true - Cleopatra drank venom from her asp. Quintus would later collect the bodies of Darius from Greece and Iltani from Syria, and also put both bodies in sarcophagi in the crypt. Later on, the Italian Assassins would house the sarcophagi would house each body in different buildings across Italy.

Quintus' homeplace, Fluentia, would then be renamed to Firenze, or Florence in English. Each of his decendants up to Ezio Auditore da Firenze would be born in Florence. When Ezio discovered Amunet's sarcophagus in Venice, he also found a letter from Quintus, which asked for her body to be rehoused in a certain cave in the desert of Egypt. After the events of AC Revelations, he would fulfill Quintus' request, transporting Amunet's body to the exact cave where she herself had housed Bayek's.
