# (I spent 3 weeks making this pitch, so I hope you enjoy reading it! Please note that this draft is very long.)

I will call this game **Assassin's Creed Umbra**, umbra meaning "shadows" in Latin.

Gameplay

Umbra takes place in several cities and small regions of the Roman Empire between 38BC and 30BC: the entirety of the city of Rome, bits of Greece and Egypt, and Alexandria.

The story will finish off the ancient trilogy with Origins and Odyssey (not Valhalla). The story will feature many historical characters: some returning, like Bayek, Cleopatra and Kassandra; and some new figures like Mark Antony and Octavian/Augustus. The story centres around Amunet raising and training a young Sage for the Hidden Ones during the fall of the Roman Republic: both characters will be playable, although Amunet takes up the vast majority of gametime. (I also decided to sort of bring back the Bayek-Aya relationship, but to not the extent of marriage). The main enemy of this game is Mark Antony.

Gameplay will be centred around stealth, where a 50-year-old Amunet isn't as energetic as she used to be. One-hit assassinations will be like Valhalla, where good timing must be used for bosses and stronger enemies. Levels will be gone, as will "power". Smoke bombs, poison bombs and fire bombs can be used. A unique addition to Umbra will be an asp (a type of snake), which can silently approach the nearest enemy and kill them without Amunet even moving. However, if the asp is seen the enemies become stressed and kill the asp.

Enemies have various levels of stress, which will affect how aware they are. Stressed enemies patrol areas faster and thorougher, and can even look through bushes, but will be weaker in battle. Alarm bells return from Syndicate, but this time they are louder, all enemies nearby become stressed and auxilias (bounty hunters) come in and help.

Naval warfare will return, but it will be scaled back to how it was AC Origins - it will only be available in a small number of main missions.

Auxilias (Latin for auxiliaries) will be Umbra's version of bounty hunters. Auxiliaries can follow you, but not the extent of Odyssey's bounty hunters. Also, they cannot leave the region they are designated to, like Rome and Alexandria. Auxilias are very strong, with about the damage and health of centurions.

In Umbra, there will be 12 different enemy archetypes. These will be:

* *Arquitis* (Archers) - with bows and arrows
* *Fundae miles* (Slingshotter) - with a slingshot
* *Libritor* (Artilleryman) - with onagers (catapults that will throw rocks and/or burning tar)
* *Lucem miles* (Light soldier) - with swords; can run, swim, climb and ride faster than you
* *Gravibus miles* (Heavy soldier) - with swords; powerful (2x power/health); cannot run/climb/swim
* *Gladiator miles* (Gladiator soldier) - with spears; deal extra (1.5x) damage
* *Gladiator veteranus* (Veteran gladiator) - with swords; deal extra (3x) damage and have extra health
* *Adstatus* (Spearman) - with spears
* *Phalanx miles* (Phalanx soldier) - with swords; can join up to form impenetrable phalanx formations
* *Testudo miles* (Tortoise soldier) - with swords; can join up to form impenetrable testudo formations
* *Chors legionaria* (Cohort) - with swords/spears; very powerful (x6 power/health); has superior command over all enemies, centurions and officers
* *Centurio* (centurion) - with swords/spears; powerful (x4 power/health); has command over majority of enemies and officers
* *Decanus* (officer) - with swords/spears; powerful (x2 power/health); has command over a small number of enemies

(Note: My Latin is terrible and I tried to translate it to be as accurate as possible)

Each archetype has a different strategy to use. Every soldier has different weak points.

The game also features the creation of Eagle Vision - towards the start of the game you only have an Animus pulse (no eagle), but in the middle you get Eagle Vision.

Story

**38BC - Rome**

The story begins in 38BC, when Amunet lands in Ostia, the port city for Rome, after helping Bayek in the Sinai. Amunet rides by horse to the Hidden Ones Bureau on Tiber Island, accompanied by Mentor [Publius Volumnius](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publius_Volumnius), who had helped assassinate Caesar 6 years prior. Volumnius tells her of how the Order has tightened their hold onto Rome, and an unknown powerful person was supporting them.

At the Bureau, Amunet meets up with the remaining Hidden One Mentors in Rome: [Gaius Asinius Pollio](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaius_Asinius_Pollio), [Virgil](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virgil), [Cicero Minor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cicero_Minor) and [Aulus Allienus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aulus_Allienus). After the assassination of Caesar, the Order of the Ancients had performed a large search for anyone related to Brutus and Cassius, which was basically a Hidden Ones hunt. Both were killed at [Philippi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Philippi) in 42BC, as well as Cicero Minor's father a year later.

The Mentors told Amunet of a new member of the Order of Ancients named Salvius Polemius, a former member of the Gabiniani and a friend of the late Lucius Septimius (the Jackal), who was heading to the Temple of Jupiter on Capitoline Hill to meet an acquaintance. Amunet went to Capitoline Hill and spied on Poleimus and a man named Vopiscus Nelius. They spoke about the power of a "Piece of Eden". Poleimus told Nelius to meet him tomorrow at the [Circus Maximus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circus_Maximus) tomorrow for the beginning of the [Ludi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludi) festival. The following day, Amunet infiltrated the Circus Maximus to assassinate Poleimus. Social stealth would have to be used to great effect as the Circus Maximus could hold up to 150,000 spectators. In the Memory Corridor, Poleimus laughed at Amunet, asking her if she was also the murderer of Septimius. Poleimus told her that his death would mean nothing for what is to come.

Poleimus' death caused no disturbance, as everyone was busy watching a horse race. Amunet searched Poleimus' body and found a letter for [Octavian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augustus), the adopted son of the late Caesar and a member of the [Second Triumvirate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Triumvirate). Clearly, Octavian was in talks with the Order of the Ancients. The letter talked about a "Piece of Eden" that can control minds.

Amunet travelled back to the Bureau, thinking about the mysterious vault under Siwa which was opened with a similar device. She also thought of Bayek and their fractured relationship with remorse. After reaching the Bureau, she held a meeting with the other Mentors about this "Piece of Eden" and about the Order of the Ancients' possible relationship with Octavian, who was growing more powerful by the day. They set out a plan to meet Octavian, posing as high-ranking patricians. The other Mentors, who were all men, to steal high-quality togas and red sandals, while Amunet would steal an expensive white tunic. They commenced their plan the following week.

They travelled to the nearest garment shop by the Campus Martius, where they threatened the shopkeepers with immediate death if they didn't give them their clothes. Leaving dressed in fashionable togas and tunics, they set off for the Senate to meet Octavian. Because they were donned as wealthy patricians, no guard batted an eye. In the hall, they asked for the presence of Octavian for business purposes, which was granted.

Octavian was sitting in a grand room, luckily without guards. At first the Mentors pretended to be patricians from Asia Minor who were profiting from silk. When Octavian became suspicious, they bounced on him, asking them if he knew what the Order of the Ancients were. He had no idea. They asked him why he was contacts with Poleimus - he answered saying they wanted to support him in conquering Cantabria by the Staff wielded by Alexander the Great.

In Septimius' Memory Corridor in 44BC, he had told Amunet that the Staff was with the Order in Rome. The Hidden Ones finally had a lead on Alexander's mystical staff, which was also a "Piece of Eden". Amunet decided to hunt down Nelius, assassinate him and find out more about the staff and its whereabouts. She ordered Volumnius and Pollio to search for Nelius.

**37BC - Rome**

One year later, Pollio asked Amunet and Virgil to come and meet his acquaintance, [Horace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horace), who was a famous poet and senator. In this game, Horace would be a mix of Leonardo da Vinci from AC2 and Sokrates from AC Odyssey. Horace greeted Amunet and Virgil, telling Amunet that he was also a friend of the late Brutus, and Virgil that he was fascinated by his poems (Virgil was both a Hidden One and a poet). After asking some deep poetic and philosophic questions to Amunet, he saw her Hidden Blade and remarked how he could replicate her Hidden Blade and make another one for her other arm. While duplicating it, she told Amunet to place her Hidden Blade on her arm instead of under it, or she would have to cut off both her ring fingers. Placing a second Hidden Blade on her other arm, Horace told her to come by if she would ever need him. *(Amunet can now perform double assassinations)*

While at the Bureau, fascinated by her second Hidden Blade, another meeting was held. Nelius' residence had been tracked to somewhere on Palatine Hill. After the meeting ended, all the other Mentors had gone out to perform missions, assassinations and other task, leaving Amunet and 4 other Hidden Ones to be the only Mentor in the Bureau.

Suddenly, the door flew open and a man no older than 20 entered the Bureau. The Hidden Ones acted fast, pinning him to the ground. Amunet interrogated him, asking who he was, why he was here and how did he get here. The man, named Quintus Salvius Fluentiae (from a town named Fluentia), answered by saying "Strange markings led me here... Headaches...". He also had no idea of the Order of Ancients. At first, Amunet was skeptical, but she saw something special in his eyes. She took him under his personal wing as a Hidden One recruit.

*(This will allow a new feature in the game - training, which is based on AC Revelations' way of training recruits. You can recruit and train any NPC until they become a Veteran Hidden One)*

For the next four months, a 48-year-old Amunet trained a 20-year-old Quintus, teaching him first how to climb, hide in restricted areas, use the crowd to hide and fight. At the end, she armed him with a Hidden Blade and taught him how to assassinate. Quintus had grown on Amunet, and she saw him as a second Khemu. However, she saw his headaches and strange visions, which happened very often, and found it to be worrying. Amunet wanted to take Quintus to her assassination of Nelius - the other Mentors disapproved but allowed her anyway.

Amunet and Quintus crouched on top of a building overlooking Palatine Hill. Before Amunet had even searched for weak spots on the hill, Quintus had already told her tiny weak spots she would have never had found otherwise. Amunet took a lead in the assassination, killing guards left and right while Quintus followed. Amunet assassinated Nelius. In the Memory Corridor, Nelius sarcastically bravo'd them for killing "the Deer" and "the Boar". "But what about the Snake?" he said. When Amunet demanded who the Snake was, Nelius simply laughed and said, "Many people are not who they truly seem". Quintus performed Amunet's usual "Requiescat in pace" motto, and the Memory Corridor ended.

**36BC - Rome**

Amunet and Quintus travelled back to the Bureau to report the Boar's death and the actual existence of the Snake - the man Flavius mentioned right before killing Amunet's son. Amunet ordered all the other Mentors to search for the Snake. Right when she said that, an asp slithered into the meeting room. Amunet picked it up - the asp seemed very docile. Naming the asp *Serpensicarius*, she announced that the Hidden Ones would bite back against the Order of the Ancients.

A week later, Amunet took Quintus out to train in a newly-renovated weapons room in the Bureau. Nearby, she heard shouting - an official was ordering the hunt for the murderers of Nelius: "a cult which seeks to cause chaos and corruption which is alreading bringing the Roman Republic to its knees".

*(Playing as Quintus)* Amunet ordered Quintus to follow her so they could take out the officials. Upon looking at the commotion, there were too many people to assassinate the official. So, they took off their hoods and walked silently into the large group of people surrounding the official. Amunet nodded at Quintus and gave him Serpensicarius. He slowly walked up behind the official back and released the asp. Serpensicarius slithered up to the official and bit him, instantly killing him. In the Memory Corridor, Quintus asked who he was - the official replied by saying he was one of the [duumvirs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duumviri) of Rome, and saying there will be uproar over his death. Quintus asked who sent him. The duumvir said one of the consuls, Lucius [Gellius Publicola](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucius_Gellius_Publicola) ("the Bear"), who was informed by a man with a hood just like him.

The duumvir was right. Everybody in the vicinity freaked out and fled. A dozen Roman soldiers immediately came to scene, shields in hand, organised in a single row. Amunet and Quintus killed all the soldiers, before around thirty more ran towards them. Virgil, Volumnius, Pollio and Cicero Minor helped Quintus and Amunet kill the new wave of soldiers, but by the time every one was dead the entire city was alerted to their presence. Nearly 100 soldiers came to scene, this time headed by the consul Publicola himself, and, surprisingly, Aulius Allienus, one of the Mentors. The lower-ranked Hidden Ones tried to cover their retreat, valiantly fighting the Order-affiliated Roman soldiers, but they were all struck down one by one. Spearing the last remaining Hidden One in the abdomen, decapitating him and placing his head on the top of his spear, Allienus roared, "Not so 'Hidden' are you, now? Rome belongs to the Order! You may have killed Flavius, you may have killed Caesar, but the order will rise once again! And once Octavian joins our ranks, we will become unstoppable!"

*(Playing as Amunet)* Amunet immediately thought of a plan to Quintus and the remaining loyal Mentors. They were to steal a small boat from the River Tiber and ride to Ostia, where their main ship, named *Unus Maritimo* (which can be roughly translated to "the Naval One"), was docked. They would then sail to Alexandria to meet up with Bayek and his flourishing Egyptian Brotherhood. They escaped the Order's view, and travelled to the Tiber by parkouring on rooftops where no soldiers could see them. They stole a small boat from a merchant and rowed as fast as they could to the port of Ostia. The Order was expecting them there, however, as they were greeted by twenty Order-affiliated soldiers by the docks. After killing them, they could just see a large number of soldiers on the horizon, so they quickly ran to the *Unus Maritimo*. On the ship they were greeted by Phoxidas, who was cheery at first but after realising most of the Roman Brotherhood was exterminated and at least a hundred soldiers were on their way, he immediately undocked the ship and set sail.

However, not all was peaceful. After an hour at sea, Phoxidas saw fire arrows coming towards them and yelled. Three ships were catching up to them. After engaging in intense naval warfare, the three ships were sunk but five more were coming after them, as well as a number of fireships. The ships were no match for the Hidden Ones, however, as all the ships were soon sunk and the fireships were extinguished under the sea. A larger wave of 7 ships came, including a massive [quinquereme](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hellenistic-era_warships#Quinquereme) (the *Unus Maritimo* was a septireme). Quintus gasped - he seemed to be a recovering from his usual headache. He said that the quinquereme belonged to [Sextus Pompey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sextus_Pompey) (the son of Pompey from AC Origins), a skilled admiral who had to be a part of the Order. After a hard and intense battle, Amunet and Phoxidas managed to sink six of the ships and severely damage Pompey's ship; however they weren't able to sink it and Pompey retreated. This, however, came at a cost: the *Unus Maritimo* was heavily damaged, so even though it could still sail to Alexandria it would have to be at a much slower speed of under a knot.

**36BC - Alexandria & Memphis**

Four months later (it should have taken just 10 days), the *Unus Maritimo* finally docked in Alexandria. Food was starting to run out on the ship and everyone was on the verge of starvation. Phoxidas stayed in Alexandria to repair the ship, while the rest of the Hidden Ones travelled to Memphis. On the way, they passed by Giza, and Amunet ordered Quintus to reached the top of the Great Pyramid so they could locate the Bureau in Memphis. Upon locating it, they rode by horse to the Bureau.

Amunet was greeted warmly by Bayek. After touring the Bureau to Amunet and telling her about his trip to Thebes and fighting Tutankhamun, Bayek finally got to business and asked her why she and the other Mentors. Amunet explained that the Roman Brotherhood was all but wiped out, and they needed to rebuild their Brotherhood by taking some of Bayek's recruits. Bayek reluctantly agreed, but he asked for a favour in return: [Mark Antony](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Antony) had recently arrived in Alexandria to meet Cleopatra after [a failed campaign against the Parthians](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antony%27s_Parthian_War), and the Egyptian Brotherhood had suspicions that he was a member of the Order of the Ancients. Bayek asked Amunet to infiltrate Antony's inner circle and find out why he was in Alexandria.

The Roman Hidden Ones travelled back to Alexandria, this time accompanied by Bayek. Riding past the Royal Palace, Amunet heard that a party, hosted by Antony and Cleopatra, would take place that night. Amunet informed the Hidden Ones on this. Their original plan was to pose as acquaintances of Antony, but now they could use their patrician togas and tunics from Rome and pretend to be invitees. However, Amunet and Bayek would have to stay at the Hidden Ones' hideout since Cleopatra already knew who they were.

*(Playing as Quintus)* That night, Volumnius, Quintus, Cicero Minor, Virgil and Pollio travelled to the Royal Palace, donning fashionable and expensive togas with status-showing red sandals. There was a large queue of people waiting to go inside. However, invitations would be needed: the Hidden Ones each stole an invitation from an unsuspecting invitee. They were allowed inside the Palace without questions - Quintus had stolen an invitation addressed to [Gaius Sallustius Crispus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sallust), who was nicknamed "Sallust".

Inside the main room, he was greeted warmly with the name "the Hawk" by three men, who introduced themselves as [Tiberius Claudius Nero](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiberius_Claudius_Nero_(father_of_Tiberius_Caesar)) ("the Orca"), [Publius Cornelius Dolabella](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publius_Cornelius_Dolabella_(consul_35_BC)) ("the Patrician") and [Gnaeus Domitus Ahenobarbus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gnaeus_Domitius_Ahenobarbus_(consul_32_BC)) ("the Tiger"). They welcomed Quintus' entry into the "Order", telling him he would be a great addition to the Order for his historical writings, and his initiation would be at the top of the Lighthouse of Alexandria the following morning with Camillus Festinius Leon ("the Eagle"). Nero explained that his entire family had been in the Order for decades, as will his descendants. Nero also explained that the Order was trying very hard to make Dolabella and Ahenobarbus consuls in the next couple of years. Dolabella celebrated the fact that Quintus had joined just months after their main enemy, the Hidden Ones, had been exterminated in Rome.

Nero, Dolabella and Ahenobarbus took Quintus into another room. Mark Antony was sitting on a chair, Cleopatra on her lap. Antony introduced himself as the leader of the Order of the Ancients, and he welcomed Quintus warmly. Antony also introduced his "concubine", Cleopatra, whom he loved but could not marry because he was also married to Octavian's sister. Quintus quickly excused himself, saying he needed to go to the bathroom. In the main room, Quintus beckoned to the Mentors to follow him there.

Quintus explained that Antony was indeed the leader of the Order of the Ancients, and he had uncovered three new Order members. They told him to sneak his way out and report to Amunet and Bayek. Using social stealth, Quintus expertly got his way out of the Palace unnoticed, and rode to the Hidden Ones' hideout in Alexandria. However, he entered at the wrong time: Bayek and Amunet were kissing each other passionately. Apologising to an irritated Bayek and concerned Amunet, he explained what he had told the Mentors. While Bayek told him to get back into the Palace and assassinate them all, Amunet interrupted him and said that she would go to the Lighthouse of Alexandria herself to assassinate Leon.

*(Playing as Amunet)* Amunet rode to the Lighthouse of Alexandria, which was full of Order-affiliated Roman guards. She snuck into the Lighthouse and silently travelled up the 100m-tall building, assassinating the guards along the way. At the very top of the Lighthouse stood Leon, where he had just received an envoy that he would perform Sallust's initation the following morning. Amunet double assassinated the envoy and Leon. In the Memory Corridor, Leon warned Amunet that Antony would bring his wrath upon the Hidden Ones. After Amunet said she would escape, Leon laughed, explaining Pompey was searching the entire Eastern Mediterranean from them. Amunet asked where he was based, and he said "Asia Minor. But you'll never find out exactly where..."

Amunet snuck out of the Lighthouse and returned to the hideout, where all the Mentors, Bayek and Quintus had regrouped. Amunet explained that the Eagle was dead, before Bayek interrupted saying: "the Eagle? And I thought the Lion was the last of them...". Amunet also explained that the Snake was real, the Snake was Mark Antony. Two things happened at once: Bayek gasped, and Quintus fell on the ground, his body shaking.

*(Playing as Quintus)* This headache was more serious than any other he had suffered from. He saw gold beams write "ΚΑΣΣΑΝΔΡΑ", meaning "KASSANDRA" in Greek. Below it another gold beam wrote "ΦΙΛΙΠΠΙ", or "PHILIPPI". He heard a distorted voice with a Greek accent say: "Come to Philippi, where you will get your reward..."

*(Playing as Amunet)* Bayek put Quintus on a nearby table, where he stopped shaking after a couple of seconds. Bayek asked Amunet why he would recruit such a mentally unstable man. Amunet shaked him off, and when Quintus recovered, she immediately ask what had happened. Quintus told her that they must go to Thermopylae to meet someone named Kassandra.

The Hidden Ones rode from their hideout to Alexandria's Mediterranean port. On the way, Bayek asked Amunet about the Snake. He begged Amunet to take him with her to Rome so they could build up the Hidden Ones to take down Antony. Amunet refused, saying he must protect his Egyptian Hidden Ones, and not to assassinate any Order members until the time was right. The Roman Hidden Ones went onto the fully-repaired *Unus Maritimo*. Amunet hugged Bayek, promising she would meet him soon. Amunet asked Phoxidas to take them to Philippi. Phoxidas smiled, talking about his homeland of Greece before undocking the ship.

**35BC - Philippi & Miletus**

One week later, the *Unus Maritimo* docked in Kavala. The Hidden Ones, now reinforced with 25 new members from Egypt, rode to Philippi, while Phoxidas stayed in his hometown. When they approached Philippi, Amunet and the Mentors loomed over the place where Brutus and Cassius had lost their lives to Antony and Octavian nine years prior. Quintus had another one of his headaches - he seemed to have a connection to this "Kassandra" woman. He told them that he and Amunet must go alone.

Philippi was still recovering from the battle of 200,000 men nine years ago: barely anyone lived in the ghost town. They could see a figure standing on a nearby hill with a long stick. The long stick was illuminated and they were suddenly transported to the hill.

Kassandra was a woman holding a staff, with an eagle on her shoulder. She explained that this was the Staff of Hermes Trismegistus, and she had been alive for over 400 years through holding it. She greeted Amunet, explaining that she was her 9th great-granddaughter. She told her of his husband, Natakas, and how their son, Elpidios, was moved to Egypt and his descendants gave birth to her.

Quintus asked why they were here, and how he had a special connection to her. Kassandra explained that he was a Σόφος (*sóphos*), or a Sage. She explained that Sages have special connections to Those Who Came Before and Apples of Eden, and that her Staff was an Apple of Eden. She said that Sages have very high levels of Isu DNA, and she descends from members of the Isu herself.

Kassandra then spoke to Amunet, saying that she had sympathies with the Hidden Ones' fight against the Order of the Ancients. Saying that she saw the fall of Brutus and Cassius herself through her staff, she said how she exterminated an organisation very similar to the Cult of Kosmos, but that had lasting consequences which included an eternal fight between order and chaos: the Order of the Ancients and the Hidden Ones.

She then talked about her old eagle, Ikaros, whose life had also been preserved by the Staff. She saw that Ikaros was suffering, and she wanted to end her life for the greater good. She told Amunet and Quintus to kneel. When they did so, Ikaros flew above them, and Kassandra hit the ground hard with her Staff. Ikaros immediately disintergrated, and Amunet and Quintus felt euphoric. She explained that they now had a new sixth-sense type of ability named Eagle Vision, which would allow them to tag enemies through walls with their inner sense instead of using an eagle, and that all Hidden Ones after them would also have this ability. Finally, she told them that Pompey ("the Whale") is in his docked ship in Miletus, before hitting her Staff on the ground once again.

They were immediately transported to the *Unus Maritimo* in Kavala. The other Hidden Ones presumably also had Eagle Vision, as they also reported tingling feelings. Amunet ordered Phoxidas to go to Miletus, and he immediately undocked the ship. Amunet thought about what had just happened: she though that it was all a dream. She closed her eyes, and when she opened everyone around her were coloured green.

3 days later, they arrived in Miletus. Amunet immediately set off to assassinate Pompey: she used her Eagle Vision to find Pompey, who was below deck on his quinquereme. There were a lot of guards around the dock and on the ship. Amunet snuck around the dock towards Pompey's ship, assassinating guards and using Serpensicarius along the way. Approaching the quinquereme, he found a weak spot under Pompey's ship, directly below where Pompey was sitting. All she needed to do was cut out a strip of wood. Using her Hidden Blade, she did so: Pompey was drowning in the seas he ruled for the Order: however, seeking to have him have a quick death, Amunet took him above water, and assassinated him with her Hidden Blade. In the Memory Corridor, Amunet ridiculed him, saying she was allies with her father. She explained that Septimius, a member of the Order, had killed him, and that he was being manipulated. Amunet asked Pompey to tell him where Sallust was. Pompey gave in - he told her that Sallust was in his villa in Pompeii.

Amunet snuck out of the restriced area of the docks and sprinted to the *Unus Maritimo*. After telling the Hidden Ones that Pompey was dead, she ordered Phoxidas to sail to Neapolis.

**35BC - Neapolis & Pompeii**

A week later, the *Unus Maritimo* docked in Neapolis. The Hidden Ones made a makeshift Bureau out of an abandoned home in the centre of the city to form their plan to assassinate Sallust. Since Sallust was doing business for the Order in Pompeii from his own home, Amunet and Quintus would go to Sallust's villa, pretending to be delivering cotton. However, the only thing inside would be Serpensicarius. If that plan were to fail, they could simply use their Hidden Blades.

*(Playing as Quintus)* Quintus and Amunet rode to Pompeii, carrying an empty crate they stole from a merchant. They travelled to Sallust villa, using Eagle Vision to find him, along with a lot of other guards. Putting Serpensicarius into the crate, they announced that the cotton Sallust had ordered had arrived. They were let into the villa. When they reached Sallust, they opened the crate and Serpensicarius bit him in the neck. To ensure his death, Quintus and Amunet used their Hidden Blades. In the Memory Corridor, the man they killed revealed he was actually a decoy, and Sallust was busy interrogating rogue merchants on Mount Vesuvius.

Amunet told Quintus to go to Mount Vesuvius to assassinate Sallust, and she would clean up the mess. Quintus rode to the large volcano, and slowly began to climb it. He could see Sallust at the very top, surrounded by guards, interrogating two merchants. Halfway up, Sallust picked up one of the merchants, slapped him hard and threw him into the volcano. Quintus used Serpensicarius to finish off the guards around Sallust. He ran towards Sallust right before he picked up the other merchant. He assassinated him with his Hidden Blade and kicked him into the crater. In the Memory Corridor, the Hawk spat at Quintus, ashamed at how his long life had been ended by a Hidden One, when he had only joined the Order a couple of months ago. Quintus asked about if any other Order members had become consul. Sullust answered by saying Dolabella was one of the current consuls, before asking why. Quintus answered by saying that they were going to kill him.

Quintus travelled back to the *Unus Maritimo* in the port of Neapolis, where Amunet had arrived before him. He explained that Sullust was dead, and Dolabella had become the consul. Quintus urged the Hidden Ones that they kill him before he consolidates too much power. For every time an Order member becomes consul, the Order grows more powerful. All the Mentors unanimously agreed: they would travel to Rome, rebuild their Bureau and assassinate Dolabella.

**35-34BC - Rome**

*(Playing as Amunet)* By the time they arrived at Ostia, it was already December, meaning it was better to assassinate Dolabella after his time as consul ended.

The Hidden Ones rode to Rome. They had to pick a new place for their Bureau, since Allienus must have told the Order where they were based. They decided to pick a small abandoned building on Viminal Hill to be their new Bureau.

*(This adds a new feature to the game - Bureau Renovating. Use denarii \[the currency of the game\] to renovate the Bureau and add new rooms and functionality, similar to the Café Théâtre in AC Unity)*

Amunet spent the next two months into 34BC recruiting and training new Hidden Ones to put it at odds with the Order of the Ancients once again. Once they had recruited 50 new recruits to the Hidden Ones, Amunet thought that it was time to strike against Dolabella.

Amunet travelled to the Roman Senate, and put on the same robes she used to assassinate Caesar ten years prior. Using Eagle Vision, she located the room in which the senators were located, Dolabella being among them. She sat directly above Dolabella, and, when nobody was looking, assassinated him with her Hidden Blade. In the Memory Corridor, the Patrician asked her if she was the murderer of Leon and Sullust. He warned her that she was just in time to see the Pig and the Snake become consuls.

Nobody saw Dolabella die, so Amunet could watch on. A senator was announcing that the two consuls were about to be announced now. The first was [Lucius Scribonius Libo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucius_Scribonius_Libo_(consul_34_BC)), an obese man whom he had never seen before but had to be the Pig. The second was... Mark Antony! Amunet saw Antony walk up to the senator and shake hands with him and Libo. Amunet could have assassinated them both now, but there were too many people. Disgusted with the fact that Antony had become consul, meaning the Order had consolidated even more power, she left the Senate.

The Order had all the cards now. The Roman Republic was corrupt and rotten to its core. These are all thoughts Amunet had while riding back to the Bureau. When she arrived at the Bureau, a Hidden One envoy informed her that she had just gotten a letter from Bayek:

*"Amunet -- Mark Antony has just left Alexandria, and he's headed toward Rome. I'm worried that he may come looking for you. I have heard you have killed a lot of the Order's members in Rome, but now he may be seeking his wrath against you. Remember: the Order still has the Staff - and their intentions are never good. If you see Antony, make sure to cut that bastard into pieces for being the mastermind of Khemu..."*

Amunet hadn't thought of Khemu since killing Caesar. The Snake was the mastermind of Khemu's death, but that vendetta was over. She stoically ordered a meeting between the Mentors about the remaining Order members.

They had already killed Pompey, Poleimus, Dolabella, Nelius, Sullust and Leon. They also knew of Ahenobarbus, Antony, Publicola, Allienus, Nero and Libo. The Mentors decided to hunt down Allienus, the treacherous Hidden One, to show that betrayal is not permitted in the Hidden Ones. "Never compromise the Brotherhood", the third tenet of the Creed created by Bayek and Amunet, had been clearly broken by him.

Five months later, Quintus and Amunet went out training, parkouring across buildings and freeing certain parts of the city from Order control. They decided to take down a major Order-controlled garrison in the city by Esquiline Hill. After Quintus and Amunet silently and stealthily assassinated all the guards, Amunet found a letter addressed to "the Spy" that he would be overseeing the initial looting of the old Bureau tomorrow because of Dolabella's murder. "The Spy" had to be Allienus.

The next day, Quintus and Amunet were perched over a building overlooking the old Bureau. Allienus had just arrived, along with about ten guards holding empty crates. Quintus and Amunet both tried to air assassinate Allienus, but, as he had great knowledge of the Hidden One's ways, he simply dodged, causing both Hidden Ones to assassinate the nearest guards. Quintus and Allienus quickly killed the remaining guards, before attacking Allienus. Quintus and Amunet fought hard against Allienus, but they both managed to overpower him, using their Hidden Blades to kill him instantly at the same time. In the Memory Corridor, the Spy congratulated them for murdering a Mentor, ridiculing them for breaking their second tenet - they seek peace but commit murder in plain sight. Amunet asked Allienus where the rest of the Order members hid. Allienus laughed but gave them one clue: "the Orca does like watching gladiators fight, but he may also be there to mourn..."

Amunet and Quintus used the crates the now dead guards had carried to store all their valuables and documents they had left behind when escaping Rome. Putting the crates on their horses, they were about to leave when they were greeted by Horace, who told them to come to his workshop. He said that he had heard about all the commotion that had happened since they last met three years prior, and he would like to help them fight the Order. He made another Hidden Blade for Quintus *(Quintus can now double assassinate)* and gifted them both with smoke bombs he had been creating for the past two years. Seeing they were urgent to get back to the Bureau, Horace asked if Amunet and Quintus could take him to the Bureau. Amunet told him to get onto his horse and they rode to the Bureau.

In the Bureau, the Mentors were happy that they got back their long-lost documents. Horace had also made darts that drive enemies crazy, which he added onto all the Hidden Ones' hidden blades. While Horace, Virgil and Pollio, who were all close friends, went to chat, Volumnius and Cicero Minor told Amunet that civil war was brewing - [Antony had just given a lot of land to Cleopatra's children](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donations_of_Alexandria), which has caused outrage in the Senate, along with Dolabella's death. Cicero Minor said that Octavian blamed Antony for Dolabella's murder and war is inevitable. Amunet ordered them to attempt to align Octavian with the Hidden Ones for the upcoming civil war, by giving him gifts and information.

**33BC - Rome**

Ten months later, the many gifts giving to Octavian had still not led him to align himself with the Hidden Ones. Fed up, Amunet decided to hunt down the Orca: Tiberius Claudius Nero.

Allienus had said that he liked gladiatorial battles, which normally took place in the Circus Maximus. He also mourned there... Amunet had assassinated Nelius in the Circus Maximus 4 years prior. The Ludi had started a week ago, and would last for two more weeks - Amunet knew what to do.

She travelled to the Circus Maximus. This time, instead of just using social stealth, she would also use her smoke bombs and craze darts. She used Eagle Vision to locate Nero: he was located in the patrician part of the stadium. Amunet used social stealth to reach the patrician zone, right above Nero. She used craze darts on the guards surrounding Nero, and threw a smoke bomb. After the crazed guards finished killing each other, Amunet double air assassinated Nero and the remaining guard. In the Memory Corridor, the Orca swore at Amunet for distrupting "a very good battle". Nero warned that Antony would not take his death lightly, and that it would be another step to civil war.

Amunet travelled back to the Bureau and informed the Hidden Ones that Nero was dead. There was now only 4 Order members remaining: Antony, Ahenobarbus, Publicola and Libo. As it was now nearing October, and civil war was looming closer and closer, the Hidden Ones agreed to meet Octavian personally to show that they were behind him against Antony.

Once again, the Hidden Ones put on their togas and tunics and travelled to the Senate again, once again requesting the presence of Octavian. Inside Octavian's office, the Hidden Ones took off their togas and tunics to reveal their true attire. They explained that they are the Hidden Ones, an organisation which battles the Order of the Ancients for peace through freedom. Amunet explained that the leader of the Order is Mark Antony, and that they planned to make you join their Order for total control over the Roman Republic. The Hidden Ones pledged their support for Octavian, and urged that he train his troops and prepare for war. Octavian and Amunet shook hands, and the deal was set.

**32BC - Rome**

After dealing a few deals with Octavian, including denarii and information, the Hidden Ones decided the time was rife to strike once again at one of the Order's members. Quintus, who had been recruited to a Master Assassin, had tracked down Libo to the [Forum of Caesar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forum_of_Caesar), a forum dedicated to Caesar built by members of the Order, including Caesar himself. Every week the Pig would go to talk about Caesar's life to a large crowd. On 2nd February 32BC, Quintus would make sure that this sermon would be his last.

*(Playing as Quintus)* Quintus rode from the Bureau to the Forum of Caesar. Libo would be very hard to miss - he was on a podium, reading a poem about Caesar's assassination. He was protected from the back by two burly guards. Quintus used social stealth to get his way into the crowd. The podium was quite tall, about twice the height of a man. Using this to his advantage, Quintus quickly climbed the podium, and performed a ledge assassination on Libo. In the Memory Corridor, Quintus laughed at Libo, ridiculing how he was assassinated performing an assassination. Libo told him to shut his mouth, and that, with his death, civil war was imminent.

*(Playing as Amunet)* One month later, in the Bureau, Amunet received news that Antony had just divorced Octavian's sister and married Cleopatra instead. Also, Antony planned to create a second Senate based in Alexandria. The Hidden Ones had additionally located Antony's will in the [Temple of Vesta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temple_of_Vesta), but it was heavily guarded. Octavian wanted the Hidden Ones to steal it.

Amunet travelled to the Temple of Vesta. Climbing into a vent, which was the only weakspot in the fortress, she stole the will and read it on the roof of the temple. Antony planned for Caesarion, Cleopatra's only child with Caesar, to be the heir to Caesar; for his land to be given to Cleopatra's children and for him to be buried in Alexandria instead of Rome.

Amunet rode to the Senate and gave it to Octavian. Octavian was shocked, and he immediately gave it to the Senate. The Hidden Ones watched on the sidelines as Octavian waved Antony's will in front of the Senate. The Senate was outraged that Antony would want to be buried in Alexandria. The Senate held a vote to declare war on Cleopatra. The vote was tied at 450:450. The Hidden Ones were asked to vote too by Octavian, which was a shock to the Senate but they allowed it. The vote ended up being 456:450. The Senate declared war on Cleopatra.

A week later, an envoy was sent to the Bureau, which bought several news: Antony supported Cleopatra in her war against Rome, meaning the Order of the Ancients were still aligned with Cleopatra; most of the Senate that voted against war had set up another Senate in Alexandria; the Senate had stripped Antony of all power, and both Octavian and Cleopatra had raised about 200,000 troops each. [The war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Last_war_of_the_Roman_Republic) had begun.

In his office, Octavian thanked the Hidden Ones for their help in his struggle against Antony. He told them that he would raise his entire entire army and navy in [Nicopolis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicopolis), just north of Kephallonia, and that they should too.

Amunet immediately wrote a letter to Bayek:

*"Bayek -- The war against Antony and Cleopatra has begun. Go into hiding until we attack Alexandria, then you can join the fight against the Order. Bring all of your ships to Nicolopis off the coast of Greece. Do not try to fight - they have 200,000 men, you only have 500."*

**31BC -** [Actium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Actium)

In August 31BC, the *Unus Maritimo*, along with two other ships the Hidden Ones had bought, sailed towards Nicopolis, alongside 400 other ships belonging to Octavian. On 1st September, on a stormy day, they had reached Nicopolis to meet 200 ships headed by the remaining Order members: Antony, Publicola, Ahenobarbus and Antony's general who was also a part of the Order named [Publius Canidius Crassus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publius_Canidius_Crassus). A massive naval battle broke out.

The Hidden One ships demolished 5 ships coming after them easily. The next wave of 8 ships was larger and had stronger octaremes - through an intense battle Phoxidas and his crew were able to sink all the ships as well. Finally, 10 ships, headed by Publicola, came after them. Even though they lost one ship, the Hidden Ones managed to sink all the galleys around them. After a very intense and heated battle, Publicola's ship was damaged enough to be boarded. All of Publicola's crew either slaughtered or surrended. Quintus and Amunet assassinated Publicola by lodging four Hidden Blades into his neck and kicking him into the sea. In the Memory Corridor, the Bear told them that Antony will win the battle even without him. Publicola said that Antony still had at least 150 ships and Octavian's ships were weaker, before saying that the Order is stronger than it ever has been. Infuriated by this nonsense, Quintus stabbed him in the groin and he stopped talking.

One of Antony's lieutenants was dead, but there were still two more to go: Ahenobarbus and Crassus. Amunet forced the remaining crewmen on Publicola's ship to sail for them. Phoxidas skillfully swerved around the battle to report to Octavian in his camp on Nicopolis. Amunet told Octavian that one of Antony's lieutenants, Publicola was gone and his corpse was under the sea. He ordered the Hidden Ones to attack Ahenobarbus and sink his fleet.

The Hidden Ones went back into the action. They sailed through sinking ships and fire arrows to where Ahenobarbus and his fleet were fighting [Agrippa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcus_Vipsanius_Agrippa)'s. Phoxidas and Amunet helped Agrippa fight back a first wave of 10 triremes, then followed by 15 octaremes. Finally, Ahenobarbus and his 25 octaremes followed. After Agrippa and the Hidden Ones skillfuly sunk the galleys, they managed to sink Ahenobarbus' ship. However, Ahenobarbus himself had managed to jump onto the *Unus Maritimo* and had killed one of the crewmen. After a hard battle, all of the Mentors came in an use their Hidden Blades on him. In the Memory Corridor, the Tiger knew the battle was lost with him and Publicola dead. He told them that he had just told Antony that it was time to retreat to Alexandria.

Ahenobarbus was right: almost immediately Antony's fleet had begun to flee. Amunet ordered Phoxidas to sail to Octavian's camp in Nicopolis to see what had happened. Upon reaching there and reporting to Octavian, he told them that Antony had called for a retreat to Alexandria, since half of his lieutenants, including Publicola and Ahenobarbus, were dead. Octavian said that they would be attacking Alexandria in ten months.

**30BC - Alexandria**

After Antony's disastrous defeat at Actium, he had brought all his soldiers, most of which had deserted to Alexandria. On 30th July 30BC, after Antony defeated a small attack by Octavian's lieutenant, Octavian ordered a full-scale attack on Alexandria.

The Hidden Ones sailed to Alexandria, once again accompanied by Octavian's fleet, and arrived in the city on 1st August. They undocked and faced a massive attack by Antony's soldiers. At first, the Hidden Ones were beating the Order-affiliated soldiers, but they were slowly losing men. However, when Amunet's Hidden Ones' morale was low, Bayek, accompanied with his Egyptian Hidden Ones, flanked the soldiers from behind, killing all of them one by one. Bayek, Amunet and Quintus beat three waves of Order-affiliated soldiers. Amunet saw Antony, on a horse, fleeing towards the Palace. Crassus rode in his wake. Amunet ordered Quintus to go after Crassus, while she and Bayek would go after Antony.

*(Playing as Quintus)* Quintus stole a horse and immediately began to chase Crassus. He rode across the city and into the desert, so fast until Crassus' horse could not take anymore and collapsed. Crassus, without any soldiers to protect him, had to protect himself against Quintus. An intense fight between Crassus and Quintus occurred, each Hidden Blade attack by Quintus countered by a slash of Crassus' sword. However, Crassus was slowly gaining the upper hand. After a furious swipe of moves by Quintus, Crass merely picked him up and headbutted him hard. Quintus fell on the ground - the headbutt had caused a headache of pain he had never experience. Right when Crassus was about to finish off Quintus with his sword, he was suddenly blown back. Kassandra had arrived, and just in time. Quintus' connection as a Sage to Kassandra must have meant his headache had caused Kassandra. She quickly knocked out Crassus with a simple hit of her Staff, and allowed Quintus to perform the finishing move with his Hidden Blade. In the Memory Corridor, Crassus spat at Quintus, saying that he was Antony's right-hand man for years, and spent his entire life training just to die to a Hidden One. Quintus reassured him that death was quick. Crassus said that Antony had the Staff of Alexander on him right now, and he had found the secret of Alexander's tomb.

*(Playing as Amunet)* Amunet and Bayek chased Antony to the Royal Palace at full speed. He must be heading to Alexander the Great's tomb. Amunet and Bayek ran into the guard-free Palace and down the stairs into Alexander's tomb. The tomb was exactly how it looked 17 years ago, except there was a perfectly square hole to the left. Amunet and Bayek ran into the hole into a room that had architecture exactly like the vault under Siwa. There was a round golden ball in the middle of the room. About to hold it was Mark Antony, holding the Staff of Alexander.

Antony turned around to see Amunet and Bayek try to air assassinate him. With just a simple wave of his staff they were frozen in place mid-air and blasted away. Amunet and Bayek fought as hard as they could, but they were no match for Antony. Every attack, every move, was countered with the Staff that wielded supernatural powers. As Amunet tried to attack Antony from behind, he waved his Staff and blasted Amunet away. However, that was simply a distraction: Bayek had managed to get a Hidden Blade stab on his heel, but that caused minor damaged. Enraged, Antony picked Bayek up, half-strangled him and blasted him hard with the Staff onto the wall, instantly killing him.

Amunet, now screaming and crying, fought twice as hard as before. She had no time to mourn Bayek's death, as her own could be imminent if she did not stop dodging Antony's moves. Amunet and Antony fought intensely, counter after counter, dodge after dodge, move after move. Amunet stabbed Antony with her knife, which he merely took out and used his Staff to throw at her. She managed to dodge every knife throw, however. As one knife throw cut off a large part of her hair, Kassandra and Quintus suddenly appeared at the scene.

Piece of Eden vs Piece of Eden: Staff vs Staff. Kassandra and Antony fought harder than Amunet could ever do, Kassandra using her 400 years of expertise with the Staff. While Antony managed to block and even counter some of her moves, Antony was slowly losing. Amunet and Quintus helped too, landing hits and stabs at Antony. After a fierce set of moves by Kassandra, Quintus attempted to disarm Antony's Staff. Amunet helped too. Kassandra hit the ground hard with her Staff, catching Antony off guard. This was a fatal move for Antony: he was immediately knocked out. Quintus and Amunet assassinated Antony with their Hidden Blades, while Kassandra jabbed her Staff into Antony's heart.

In the Memory Corridor, Antony cursed at Amunet, laughing at the death of her ex-husband. Kassandra told Antony that Pieces of Eden were not for humans, and especially those that seek to strip humanity of its freedom. Antony ignored her, lamenting that he was at the top of the Order, and was about to take Rome. The Staff of Alexander appeared in Amunet's hand: she used it to bash Antony's head in, screaming: "And - this - is - for - BAYEK!"

Back in the real world, Kassandra immediately transported herself away, seeing that her job was done. Amunet rushed to Bayek, crying into his unmoving arms. Quintus, however, looked at the Apple of Eden in the centre of Alexander's Vault. He picked it up, and he was suddenly lifted into the air. The voice of an Isu rang around the place: "Quintus Salvius Fluentiae - you have been vital to the survival of the Hidden Ones, and your descendants will revive and exceed your legacy. In 1489 years, a descendant of years will travel from Fluentia to Byzantium to allow the Hidden Ones to rise and the Order of the Ancients to be exterminated... In 2017 years, another descendant of yours will have the valour and courage to sacrifice himself for the elongation of mankind's existence..."

After the Isu stopped speaking, Quintus fell onto the ground, unconscious. Amunet managed to catch him. What did the One Who Came Before say? What did they mean? The thought was immediately wiped off her mind, as she thought of Cleopatra. Cleopatra was still alive, and probably in hiding. It was best to find her. After Quintus started, him and Amunet used their Eagle Vision to locate Cleopatra, who was hiding alongside [Caesarion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesarion) behind a locked door on the upper floor of the Palace. Even though the door was locked, there was an opening through the window. Amunet and Quintus used their parkour skills to climb the Palace and enter Cleopatra's room through her window.

Cleopatra screamed at the sight of Amunet, but she immediately calmed down. Amunet reassured her, saying she wasn't here to kill her. She explained that Octavian was looking for her, and it was best for her to kill herself before they found her. Amunet got out a small cup and Serpensicarius: slowly, Serpensicarius filled the cup with snake venom. Amunet ordered Cleopatra to drink the poison, saying, "Remember: you are the last of the Pharaohs". She also promised to keep Caesarion alive to become a Hidden One. Cleopatra agreed. After saying an emotional goodbye to her son. While Amunet hid Caesarion behind her, Cleopatra drank the venom in one gulp. She immediately began shaking and fell onto the ground, unmoving. Dead. Amunet kneeled next to her, closed her eyes and said, "*Requiescat in pace, Cleopatra*"

Amunet unlocked the door and bought Caesarion and Quintus with her to the *Unus Maritimo*. However, she said that she had to do something first. Amunet carried Bayek's body onto her horse, and took him into a cave far into the desert. He laid him to rest in the cave, performing the ritual she had done with Cleopatra, this time tears rolling out of her eyes. When she came back, she ordered Phoxidas to take them back to Rome.

**EPILOGUE**

Amunet lived a long life and died on 7th September 28BC, just over 2 years after the end of the game, at the age of 57. When she died, Quintus built a crypt under the Hidden Ones' Bureau in Rome and housed her in a sarcophagus inside there. He ordered a local sculptor to create a statue of her with a snake around her. On her tombstone by the crypt, Quintus wrote: "AMUNET - the Hidden One who killed Cleopatra with an asp". It was technically true - Cleopatra drank venom from her asp. Quintus would later collect the bodies of Darius from Greece and Iltani from Syria, and also put both bodies in sarcophagi in the crypt. Later on, the Italian Assassins would house the sarcophagi would house each body in different buildings across Italy.

Quintus' homeplace, Fluentia, would then be renamed to Firenze, or Florence in English. Each of his decendants up to Ezio Auditore da Firenze would be born in Florence. When Ezio discovered Amunet's sarcophagus in Venice, he also found a letter from Quintus, which asked for her body to be rehoused in a certain cave in the desert of Egypt. After the events of AC Revelations, he would fulfill Quintus' request, transporting Amunet's body to the exact cave where she herself had housed Bayek's.

*(I hope you enjoyed reading this pitch. Please leave constructive criticism in the comments!)*
